{"title": "ANTLER DAY CELEBRATES TOPS BELOVED TRADITION", "date": "April 21, Year 3", "author": "Heliastes, SRJ Editor-in-Chief", "images": []}

The South Road Journal- April 21, Year 3

ANTLER DAY CELEBRATES TOPS BELOVED TRADITION

Heliastes, SRJ Editor-in-Chief

   It's that time of year again where all the kids jump out of bed right at sunrise and run out to find themselves something even better than a sock of black coal from Dave in December: their very own pair of antlers, discarded by wild deer and even elk! Why, even the adults can find some joy in finding one of the most beloved and cherished possessions in TOPS. "I still remember the first set of antlers I found as a child," said Makeshift, vintage bottle collector. "It was magical! It's like, you have your own antlers, and then..." Makeshift never finished their thought.
   It's no surprise then that in Throughway, deer capital of TOPS, the annual Antler Day Parade has captured the hearts and minds of Vintagians from all walks of life. "Oh my gosh, look! They got a giant Elk balloon this year!", exclaimed dsptchr, principal olive oil refinery engineer. "I wish I had antlers that big, then I would...", he said, trailing off before wandering away a few seconds later. LinniLotus, manning a vendor stand on the street filled with antlers of all shapes and sizes, told us, "Oh, there's just so many uses for antlers, it's really hard to name all of them. First, the best one is...", stopping mid-sentence with a strained look their face. TabCat, assistant to LinniLotus, interjected: "Yes yes yes, so many uses, such as... umm... well..." Both looked to each other with consternation and an effort to get words out beyond a stutter for about a minute before quietly walking to the back to organize things.
   Not everyone loves the holiday though. MrRanderson, head of the Vintagian Elk Association of Love (VEAL), and several VEAL members staged a counter-protest at the parade. "Taking antlers from nature is wrong!" said Nectere, mushroom forager participating in the protest. "Deer and elk need those antlers and taking them off the ground is wrong!" When pressed on why the deer and elk need the antlers, Nectere paused for a moment, then started shouting "Don't take antlers, this is our chanter!" with the rest of the group before Throughway officials shooed them away with quicklime powder.
   "Sorry about that," said Nudge, parade organizer. "People feel strongly about antlers and their pivotal roles in the lives of all Seraphs." Turning to the crowd, Nudge exclaimed, "But here in Throughway, antlers will always be a symbol of our great city, because..." Nudge stopped with their hands raised towards the sky with a lost look, the crowd shuffling amongst themselves in confusion. Everyone then scuffled off the main road, leaving behind a ghost town littered with antler hats and elk honk toys.
