{"title": "COAL SCAM RUINS HOLIDAYS", "date": "December 25, Year 3", "author": "Heliastes, SRJ Editor-in-Chief", "images": []}

The South Road Journal- December 25, Year 3

COAL SCAM RUINS HOLIDAYS

Heliastes, SRJ Editor-in-Chief

   It's one of the oldest traditions of TOPS: Take a lump of coal, gift-wrap it in parchment, and place it in a neighbor's mail hopper as a sign of appreciation. This year though, everyone is dreading the sight of coal in their mail due to unscrupulous coal wholesalers selling contaminated coal, unsightly and smelly, and wrapping it to look like authentic coal. "I went to my mailbox, excited to find my yearly coal gifts from friends and family," said GoldtoothThe3rd, granite rock retailer, "but when I opened it, this smell of rotten eggs just hit me. I tried burning it in the fireplace like I always do but the house just filled with this thick acrid smoke and I tasted metal in my mouth. I had to replace all of the walls to get rid of the scent!"
   Other recipients of the bad coal weren't as lucky. "I got my coal out of the mail and tried to light it in my kiln," said Whyban, speechwriter. "It didn't really light up immediately like most of the coal I work with so I let it just sit there smoldering. About ten minutes later, while I was eating my scrambled eggs, my dining room window gets blown into my face along with a deafening boom. I came to later and found the entire side of my house gone; a giant crater was all that remained of my kiln." A government investigation of the incident found tier 3 bricks from the kiln thrown over half a mile away. It was determined that the coal had contained excessive amounts of methane clathrates, a form of flammable gas that is trapped by water. When the water in the coal Whyban heated finally boiled off, the trapped methane gas was quickly released, rapidly forming an explosive atmosphere.
   According to government officials, current regulations do not require coal vendors to characterize or guarantee the quality of the coal sold, meaning that victims of these bait-and-switch schemes often have no recourse. "I mean, everyone knows that when you buy coal from these guys, sometimes its brown, sometimes its black, sometimes its that anthra-whatever stuff," said FinallyMoss, bloomery instructor. "But outright provided substandard and dangerous coal has crossed a line! If I'm going to die from burning coal in poorly ventilated areas, I want it to be several years later, not from getting my tongs blown through my nostrils!"
