{"title": "YEAR-ON-YEAR WORKPLACE INJURIES SOAR", "date": "February 17, Year 3", "author": "Heliastes, SRJ Editor-in-Chief", "images": []}

The South Road Journal- February 17, Year 3

YEAR-ON-YEAR WORKPLACE INJURIES SOAR

Heliastes, SRJ Editor-in-Chief

   For the 2nd year in a row, reported workplace injuries skyrocketed, nearly tripling between Year 2 and Year 3. The majority of the injuries are attributed to the rise of spur gears in workshops and factories, driven largely by increased cost-effectiveness and efficiency compared to large gears. However, many operators have described the instruction manuals that come with the spur gears as woefully inadequate. "It's worse than trying to setup one of those damn VAKEA desks!" said GOgu, iron bloom processor II. "There's no markings telling you which way to install it and there's no shaping to prevent you from placing it on the shaft backwards."
   According to the manufacturer's technical documents, improper installation of the spurs can cause "uncontrolled thermal runaway, potentially leading to catastrophic failure of the device." In fact, a TOPS University study has found a correlation between machinery fires and use of spur gears. In addition, industries that adopted spur gears in their processes were almost 5 times more likely to experience an 'adverse work event' compared to those that did not use spur gears.
   Beyond mechanical failures, workers complain that the spur gears lack basic safety features. "Lots of new folks come in thinking their gambeson safety equipment will protect them 100%, but the moment one of those spurs grabs the cloth, your arm's goin' for a ride," said RockOsh, senior forge operator. "Plus, since the spur gears are often attached to power drives, that machine ain't gonna give up til' it's had it's fill of your flesh."
   New workers complain that training has lagged behind the times, with little to no relevant training on proper operating procedures near spur gears. "You get lured in on the promise of good RG pay and some flax grain, but the moment you mangle your leg in one of those things, they kick you to the curb and you have no choice but termites for dinner," tells Eluce, found hobbling down the south highway, occasionally checking dumpsters. "I wish I stuck with fruit pressing, at least you could only lose fingers doing that." Eluce then raised up their right hand for us to see while leaning on their crutch, roughly 3 fingers full.
