{"title": "HIGHWAY ELK COLLISIONS MAR HOLIDAYS", "date": "January 19, Year 3", "author": "Heliastes, SRJ Editor-in-Chief", "images": []}

The South Road Journal- January 19, Year 3

HIGHWAY ELK COLLISIONS MAR HOLIDAYS

Heliastes, SRJ Editor-in-Chief

   Year's end marks a time of celebration and joy for many families in TOPS. Increasingly though, some families endure the pain and suffering imparted by high-speed elk collisions on the nation's highways and tunnel systems. "I was driving at the posted speed limit, 10 bps, towards my TL exit," said RiverTheSheep, "then out of nowhere, some dude flies out the wrong way of the TL going like 30 bps and swerving all over the place with his elk. Next thing I know, my elk's up in a tree and I'm in a soybean field with edamame stuffed in my mouth." RiverTheSheep was rushed to an emergency room, having suffered 6 broken ribs, a collapsed lung, and a fractured spine. The elk was not so lucky. "You know, every time i think about that accident, all I can smell are the elk steaks we had for dinner after I was discharged."
   The driver of the oncoming elk, AgrippaDaRippa, fled the scene after the collision and was found hours later crashed into a trader's hut. Their blood alcohol content was equivalent to  12 ceramic jugs worth of breadfruit vodka. Despite this, AgrippaDaRippa was only charged with violating a trader's claim rights and sentenced to 2 minutes community service.
   "Unfortunately, laws in TOPS are quite lax on drunk elk driving," said Kavoker, county magistrate. "The assumption is if you can get yourself up into the saddle, you're good to drive." Public awareness is growing on the issue though. Vintagians Against Plastered Elk Driving (VAPED) is an advocacy group pushing for increased enforcement against drinking and riding. "Drunk Elk collisions don't just cost us the 100 RG for a new elk at the Gogu dealership," says Edelstxin, co-founder of VAPED. "There's emotional damage to the fabric of our society everytime someone you know is involved in one of these wrecks." Not everyone seems convinced though. "What, drunk elf driving? I don't really care, I just want to mine rocks and go home," said Murphi, local quarry master.
