{"title": "PIE-FACED CITIZENS FED UP", "date": "July 15, Year 3", "author": "Heliastes, SRJ Editor-in-Chief", "images": []}

The South Road Journal- July 15, Year 3

PIE-FACED CITIZENS FED UP

Heliastes, SRJ Editor-in-Chief

   Summer's here, and that means all the berry bushes are filled to the brim with delectable treats. Strawberries, blueberries, red currant, the list is endless (ten total), but Vintagians love to bake their favorite one into delicious aromatic pies. "It's my favorite time of the year," said Rubyshield, "I just love to bake pies, its my fav thing no cap".
   Some don't appreciate the finer things in life though. Recent police reports indicate a growing number of people, often tourists or newcomers to TOPS, are being piemogged. Piemogging is when someone offers a unsuspecting person a pie, often under the guise of trying to help out, only to slap the pie up into the face of the victim once they accept the pie. T.Read, county sheriff, explained: "It's really a confidence trick at it's heart. Poor, unsuspecting Vintagians think they're about to receive a windfall, but the only wind they'll feel is the whoosh of a cloudberry pie coming right up from their hands." T.Read then made a upwards slapping motion to simulate the slap-up of the pie.
   "Yeah we like to piemog, that's our thing," said Kralmir, local farmer by day and partymonger by night. "Piemogging really puts these new guys in their place, let's them know, 'Hey, we've got the pies and now you do too, sike!'". Kralmir and his buddies then laughed it out behind an alley in the Sandwich slums. Kralmir then told our reporter to beat it before they got piemogged too.
   "I think the worst part of this trend is the insensitivity to recent events," said Rubyshield, while attempting to wax-seal a freshly baked pie. "We just had all these people starving during winter because of that stupid Vakgovy fad; now everyone is immediately onto the next big thing without any memory of the past." Newcomers had a slightly different point of view: "I don't care how I get the food, I'll eat anything, anyway, anyhow," said Bogslime, chewing on a cattail root with their berry-caked face, cleared by lick marks around the lips. "If some random street gang gets off on pushing pies into my hungry face, bring it!"
