{"title": "OMOK WORLD CHAMPION CAUGHT CHEATING", "date": "March 16, Year 3", "author": "Heliastes, SRJ Editor-in-Chief", "images": []}

The South Road Journal- March 16, Year 3

OMOK WORLD CHAMPION CAUGHT CHEATING

Heliastes, SRJ Editor-in-Chief

   For 5 years running now, Usay has been the undisputed ruler of the professional Omok world, winning several major tournaments last year and leading far beyond the next best player in world rankings. "It's like he's thinking 10-15 moves ahead of you; that's how insane his gameplay is," says DrChazzzzz, the Omok champion preceding Usay. Usay's legacy may now be at risk, however, after a scandalous revelation.
   At a recent regional tournament held in New Constantinople, Usay was halfway through a match against Cloudedcoot, a strong Omok player regularly in the top ten, when he suddenly called time and requested a bathroom break. After 10 minutes away from the board, a spectator whispered to the judge that there were strange whooshing sounds coming from one of the toilet stalls. After calls to open the stall door were ignored, tournament officials removed the door. They found Usay in the stall attempting to flush gold nuggets down the toilet. A forge, small bellows, copper anvil, and wooden tongs were also present in the stall. Usay had been caught red-handed forging Omok pieces to gain an unfair advantage.
   "I mean, some people think the thick black smoke and smell of burning coal would be a dead giveaway, but lots of Omok players smoke heavily because of the immensely stressful nature of the game," said Degures, lead tournament organizer. "But the scale and sophistication just took us by surprise." Tournament officials suspect Usay was attempting to replace his opponent's Omok pieces with his own in order to receive superior positioning on the board. They don't know how far back the cheating goes but said review of previous games was underway.
   "It's really shocking to hear these kinds of accusations about Usay, I don't really even believe it," said Nectere, wearing a T-shirt with Usay's face chiseled on it. DrChazzzzz commented, "Sometimes, the fame goes to your head and the pressure to maintain performance at that level of excellence can warp a person's mind." One spectator had a different view though. "Iono, isn't it just like Connect Four or something? That's a kid's game right?" said Moses, before giving out a loud yawn.
