{"title": "FISHY BUSINESS IN PERCH POINT", "date": "May 22, Year 3", "author": "Heliastes, SRJ Editor-in-Chief", "images": []}

The South Road Journal- May 22, Year 3

FISHY BUSINESS IN PERCH POINT

Heliastes, SRJ Editor-in-Chief

   Sweet lil' Muffin was Shortmouse's beloved Elk ever since they were young. They played together, traveled together, and even ate together at time. "Muffin was just such a gentle soul, it's like we shared a bond that transcended time," said Shortmouse, longtime resident of Perch Point. That bond was shattered last week, when Muffin was found brutally murdered in their pen, eviscerated and mangled. "I threw up the crappie I had for breakfast when I opened the pen door", said Shortmouse, "I was just so overwhelmed with grief."
   Shortmouse was not the only victim that night. Three other villagers found their elks slaughtered in similar fashion. "Our town has never grieved so much since our founding," said Leviticus, Perch Point mayor. "Even that stupid article about Perch Point having no perch didn't hurt us this much." (The South Road Journal went undercover as the North Road Tribune in order to obtain these interviews). Leviticus then excused himself to comfort the townspeople while holding a carp.
   No one knows the motive behind the killings but, off the record, officials confide their suspicions that the Cult of the Diamond Pickaxe may be to blame. "This cult is filled with young people full of angst and hate," says AbigailDark, cultural studies professor at TOPS University. "They originate from an ancient society that excessively valued gemstones, such as diamonds, and neglected the basic needs of an industrializing nation. As a result, the society collapsed in on itself with massive bloodshed. The remnants travel the world, forever stateless and retaining the irrational desire to obtain precious stones. This could be the reason they targeted the elks; their medallions would be irresistible trinkets."
   As for the brutal nature of the killings, AbigailDark offered a theory: "Their society never seriously developed beyond their nomadic roots. They lived in box-like earthen dwellings and their hunter-gatherer instincts never abated. They probably just tore the elk apart with their bare hands and ate like savages." None of this brings any comfort to the citizens of Perch Point though. "It feels like a hole in your heart," said Shortmouse, tears in their eyes. "No amount of pickerel will ever fill the hole where Muffin lived."
