{"title": "TRAFFIC SNARLS ON SOUTH ROAD AS CONSTRUCTION STALLS", "date": "September 15, Year 3", "author": "Heliastes, SRJ Editor-in-Chief", "images": []}

The South Road Journal- September 15, Year 3

TRAFFIC SNARLS ON SOUTH ROAD AS CONSTRUCTION STALLS

Heliastes, SRJ Editor-in-Chief

   It's been over three years since promises by the South Highway Infrastructure Trust to overhaul failing roads in the region were made. While improvements to the south highway system have been made since then, gaping holes remain in fulfillment of those promises, sometimes literally. "I have to go to spawn for work in the morning everyday then drive back," said Figatoni, local jam jammer. But everytime I reach Vak's store, traffic is backed up for miles because of that stupid one lane bridge over a drainage ditch, followed by an unpaved mud field for a quarter mile. Why?! Can't they just fill in that stupid puddle and have a real road?"
   Local land owners disagree. "That pond is really special around here," said assed_, free-range rancher. "There's an endangered species of butterfly that only lives in this small pond and it's our duty to protect it by all means possible, including never-ever expanding this highway for any reason whatsoever." Topsykret, mountain recluse, agreed. "Yeah, if I had it my way, I'd just tear up all the highways and bring them back to nature like Dave intended."
   Because the highways in TOPS are neither maintained nor regulated by the federal government but instead by local entities, there is little that can be done to force quick change in these regions. The only recourse is a eminent domain lawsuit that requires six months of inaction on the part of locals before the federal government can step in and take action. Sometimes, locals will simply do the bare minimum to stay in compliance. "Once, I drove my elk through the dirt section of south highway and the only change was a sign that said 'Suck My Deathcap Losers!'" said darkbanana, also a local jam jammer. "I got so mad I threw a pomegranate at the sign as I rode by. I just want good roads, dang it!"
