{"title": "FOLLOWING THE LEAD: TOXIC EXPOSURE", "date": "January 18, Year 4", "author": "RockOsh, SRJ Contributing Editor", "images": []}

The South Road Journal- January 18, Year 4

FOLLOWING THE LEAD: TOXIC EXPOSURE

RockOsh, SRJ Contributing Editor

   You may know it as this dull, dark grey metal, with numerous applications including, but not limited to production of some of the greatest inventions Jonas himself has once crafted or as a simple element of an alloy so cherished by many for its affordable dark tone. I can say with no doubt that every single one of us, affluent or impoverished, has introduced this element into the safety of our blocky dwellings. Under a disguise of a common and easy to procure metal, this noxious substance has penetrated deep into our shared TOPS economy - lead.
   In recent months researchers at the TOPS University have conducted comprehensive studies regarding lead levels in soil, water and blood of both animals and seraphs alike. After an analysis of the samples the scientific team has found elevated levels of lead in all samples they have taken, in some cases elevated as much as 6767% over the legal limit. Elevated levels of lead may lead to many serious medical conditions, most notably saturnism, more commonly known as lead poisoning. Elevated levels of this element may also inhibit growth of crops and other plants in contaminated soil. Following their findings, the researchers urge members of the TOPS government to take a comprehensive action in order to combat this public health crisis. Most likely the contamination comes from recent discovery and subsequent exploitation of the lead deposits by MurphCorp, the scientific paper team claims.
   MurphCorp's CEO, founder and its sole employee - Murphi has since denied these accusations - "I find these heinous claims completely unfounded. I can assure you that MurphCorp takes this matter extremely seriously and I assure you that our commitment to protecting the environment is one of the highest principles here at MurphCorp." We have asked Murphi if his corporation intends to take a legal action against the researchers for defamation, a question that has been left unanswered since. The research team has stated that they plan to broaden the tested area, and have declared full commitment to stopping spread of the contamination into the environment. The TOPS officials when asked today about the news of lead contamination on the server have refused to give a statement.
