{"title": "LOCAL MENACE TERRORIZES CITIZENS", "date": "June 7, Year 4", "author": "Heliastes, SRJ Editor-in-Chief", "images": []}

The South Road Journal- June 7, Year 4

LOCAL MENACE TERRORIZES CITIZENS

Heliastes, SRJ Editor-in-Chief

   You're short one RG at the trader even though you know you brought enough; your cherry tree cutting dies just before spring; a rabbit breaks through your 6 foot tall wattle fence and eats your cabbage; whatever the bad event is, chances are, one person on TOPS is behind it. In recent days, seraphs all over TOPS have grown to recognize the growing threat of Byrt, a maligned individual intent on causing modest misery to all.
   "Byrt is a perpetrator of misdeeds well-known to this office," said T.Read, local county sheriff. "They doesn't seem to have a motive beyond the sheer joy of seeing a slight frown on people's faces. They're just the worst."
   Locals are also fed up with Byrt's shenanigans. "I went to my shed to press all my pink apples, and when I checked the bucket, I had 9.9 L of fruit juice," said PrinceOfSaiyans, apple orchard owner. "I saw a shadow flicker from the window; when I peaked out, I saw a caped person with a mask on running away across the field, cackling maniacally while holding a bowl. I know it was Byrt, it HAD to be them!"
   "I was prospecting for ilmenite in my cave when I finally found signs of a huge deposit," said Bykikon, refractory brick exporter. "I mined my way towards the deposit, thinking I finally hit it big. I got there and I found a cave that looked like it had been rastered out by a clockwork contraption. Andesite stones were everywhere on the ground and the dust was fresh; I found only one ilmenite nugget. When I picked it up, I heard a booming laugh echo throughout the cave; I lifted my lantern and saw, drawn up on the wall in ochre, 'YOU GOT BYRTED'. I despise Byrt so much!"
   Despite the nuisance, local officials are powerless to stop Byrt. "I mean, we'd love to just throw Byrt in jail to rot the rest of their miserable existence, but there's not enough evidence to charge Byrt; it's all circumstantial at best." As of the time of this writing, Byrt was unable to be reached for comment; however a beenade was thrown through the SRJ Office prior to publication, "Byrt's Bees" marked on the husk.
