{"title": "TERRA PRETA DEMAND CAUSES FAMINE", "date": "June 18, Year 4", "author": "Heliastes, SRJ Editor-in-Chief", "images": []}

The South Road Journal- June 18, Year 4

TERRA PRETA DEMAND CAUSES FAMINE

Heliastes, SRJ Editor-in-Chief

   Increasing terra preta demand by farmers is incentivizing them to stop selling lower quality crop yields and instead allowing them to rot in barrels. "Unless its rice, cabbage, or something people really want to eat, I'm not even going to bother shipping it to market," said lilyniru, one of TOPS's largest terra preta producers. "I'm taking that harvest to the equator, letting it rot in the sun, then composting it until it's ready to TP (terra preta)."
   "It's sounds weird to just trash your own crops, but that's the name of the new game," says Kralmir, head of Kralmir Feed & Seed. "The incentive to produce terra preta to boost one's crop yields makes it difficult to consider any other uses for lesser crops. If you aren't farming with terra preta, you just can't compete."
   The precipitous drop in supply for flax grain, licorice, fennel, and other crops considered "inefficient" by major producers has led to serious food shortages for lower income consumers. Some food shelters are even beginning to feel the pain. "I used to organize peanut donations everyday to the Gogu Humanitarian Fund food bank on 1260 South Road," said Makeshift, head of the nonprofit charity Nuts4Newbs. "With the food markets like they are, we're just not seeing the influx of cheap foods from donors like we used to. These newcomers need food like anyone else; without it, they'll start ripping up reed roots just to feel something in their bellies!"
   WickedCat, local newcomer advocate, agrees. "Did you know that every 10 seconds, a newbie starves to death? It's a shame that our society cares so little for the unestablished and incapable." WickedCat went on to say, "Wealthy individuals with thousand of RG should feel ashamed of themselves for not doing more to alleviate the suffering." "There's only so much we can do for a problem so big," said Gogu through a public statement while away on a trans-Western ocean cruise in their chiseled-gold pleasure yacht. "If only there were enough RGs in the entire world to support such an endeavor, we would 100% be in favor of additional funding."
