{"title": "FABLED SHEARS OF OAHKA123 EXIST, CLAIMS TOPS U. PROF", "date": "March 22, Year 4", "author": "Heliastes, SRJ Editor-in-Chief", "images": []}

The South Road Journal- March 22, Year 4

FABLED SHEARS OF OAHKA123 EXIST, CLAIMS TOPS U. PROF

Heliastes, SRJ Editor-in-Chief

   Scarcely anyone can forget the tale of the legendary Oahka123 shears, forged in unknown depths of stable mantle and quenched thousands of times using temporal gear-infused waters of a travertine watering can. Most accept the story is largely, if not wholly, fiction. However, new research from Professor of Archaeological Studies at TOPS University, Iris, has shown not only that the there might be some truth to the old tale, but that the shears may actually be found.
   "Many have described me as a crackpot and hopeless lunatic," said Iris, barely visible from behind the large stacks of books and papers strewn across their desk. "But with this new paper, most researchers begrudgingly admit that the shears are likely real and could possibly be found with enough funding and support." Iris's paper describes painstaking surveying of ancient city-states whose reigns were ended suddenly. Written records stopped suddenly in these cities, suggesting a cataclysmic and abrupt cause. Only one partial record describing the event was excavated, describing a "person wielding a pair of bronzed clips, standing solo against armies, effortlessly shearing away their limbs like sticks from an oak tree."
   In the legend, Oahka123, feeling remorse for the destruction wrought by the shears they forged and wielded, flung the shears into the fiery maw of Olivine Mountain near spawn, watching the shears disintegrate before being engulfed by the magma. However, Iris offers a different ending of the shears: "Oahka123 was not known to be a regretful person; they probably spread this rumor themselves to avoid would-be looters from seeking the weapon from him in his later years. Most likely, they retained the shears for themselves and hid them in a location where no one could find them." Iris points to cave drawings found near Oahka123's last known estate, depicting a shear-like object being encased in a block of beeswax, then chiseled to appear as an ordinary chert rock. The rock is then thrown into water with choppy waves, with a "W←" drawn overhead.
   "It has to be the Western Ocean, there's no other reasonable explanation!" said Iris, with a crazed gleam in their eyes. "If I can get a grant to fund an expedition, I'll find it!" Some lack the same enthusiasm. "That's nuts, I'm not sending a boat out there for a wax rock!" exclaimed Raistrind, fellow TOPS University professor. "Seriously, all Iris does is ramble to themself at the beach, saying they're the reincarnation of Oahka123. What the hell is that?"
