{"title": "\"SKEPPING\" YOUTH TREND OUT OF CONTROL", "date": "September 29, Year 2", "author": "Heliastes, SRJ Editor-in-Chief", "images": []}

The South Road Journal- September 29, Year 2

"SKEPPING" YOUTH TREND OUT OF CONTROL

Heliastes, SRJ Editor-in-Chief

   It sounds harmless. Teens love the thrill. But what you don't know may cost your kids their lives. It's called skepping; also known as beedazzling or skepidi toilet, teenagers build an empty skep, then place it near a neighbor's bustling skeps to steal away the precious bees inside. A single filled-skep can sell for nearly 10 RG's on the black market, further driving up demand.
   But authorities warn that the consequences of skepping can be severe. "Grand Theft Bee, or skepping as the kids call it, is a Class B Felony punishable by up to 10 years in prison," says T.Read, local county sheriff. "However, most cases don't end up in court as apiarists are empowered by the law to protect their property by any means necessary, including deadly force."
    We interviewed a former skepper, temporalwolf, who recanted their old ways and now educates students about the dangers of skepping. "You know, I used to go skepping at least 2-3 times a day. The money was crazy. But after the last time, I can't even stand looking at a skep." temporalwolf spoke to us from their reclining chair on the porch, nursing the stump that remains of their left hand. "I remember coming back for the skep I left on the fence of some old-timer and as I was picking up the skep, I heard a whooshing sound; next thing I knew, my hand was 5 feet away from me on the tip of a copper spear. If that weren't bad enough, hundreds of angry bees were just stinging me everywhere, including where my hand used to be. It was second-worst experience of my life."
   Remember, no matter how well you think you know your children, be sure to warn them about this new dangerous trend and how to say no to peer pressure. They may resent your now for losing all their friends but at least they'll still have their hands intact.
